models: remove aws-k8s-1.15 files/references, redo symlinks, add aws-k8s-1.19 defaults (#1487)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: variants/README.md

#### aws-k8s-1.15: Kubernetes 1.15 node

The aws-k8s-1.15 variant includes the packages needed to run a Kubernetes node in AWS.
It supports self-hosted clusters and clusters managed by [EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/).

> This variant is compatible with Kubernetes 1.15, 1.16, and 1.17 clusters.

Reviewer: Why not just delete this section?

Author: This is under the `### Deprecated variants` section of the README. I thought it's meant to keep historical records of deprecated variants.

Reviewer 2: At least for some period of time, I thought it'd be good to keep the listing here, in the deprecated section.  Users running 1.15 who suddenly can't find any mention of their product anywhere could be understandably peeved.  :)

Reviewer: Should we change it to past tense, since it's gone from the tree?

> The aws-k8s-1.15 variant includes the packages needed to run a Kubernetes node in AWS.
> It supports self-hosted clusters and clusters managed by [EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/).
> 
> This variant is compatible with Kubernetes 1.15, 1.16, and 1.17 clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aws-k8s-1.15 variant included the packages needed to run a Kubernetes node in AWS.
It supported self-hosted clusters and clusters managed by [EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/).

This variant was compatible with Kubernetes 1.15, 1.16, and 1.17 clusters.
It reached end-of-life on May 3, 2021.
```
